Adding Typeform and videoask into inthewild.rst (#3296)
sqlfluff/sqlfluff: docs/source/inthewild.rst

  our dbt models as well as several other SQL heavy projects. Locally we use
  SQLFluff with pre-commit and have also integrated it into our CI/CD
  pipelines.
- Core Analytics Team from `Typeform <https://www.typeform.com/>`_ and
  `videoask <https://www.videoask.com/>`_ uses SQLFluff in the production
  `dbt <http://www.getdbt.com/>`_ project for building our datawarehouse

>   layer for both products: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  layer for both products:
```

  - We use it locally in our day to day work, helping us to write cleaner code.

>   - We added SQLFuff to our CI processes, so during a PR we check that any new or
>     modified sql file has a consistent and easy-read format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We added SQLFluff to our CI processes, so during a PR we can check that any
    new or modified sql file has a consistent and easy-to-read format.
```
